Rosi friends it's Julie and today I
decided to do a video of my nighttime
skincare routine after the popularity of
the morning one and after all the
requests that I got for that I thought
it would be good to show what I do at
the end of the day not just the
beginning because they are slightly
different so I pick today when I had
makeup on and I decided that I would
show you all the products and everything
that I do to get my face clean at the
end of the day and so first obviously I
get my hair all out of my face but I
don't get all the products in there and
then I just get started and the cleanser
that I use is the one called it's from
face addiction it's called saw the soft
cleanser it's from the soft line I
really absolutely love that line I've
been using it for a while and this is my
absolute favorite for the evening when I
have makeup on because it takes off
absolutely everything it's a two-step
kind of cleanser and that you put a
little bit on your hands and then you
massage it into your face onto your face
completely dry and I just massage it
over my eye makeup I'm wearing mascara
I've got eyeliner I have eyeshadow I
have a full face of foundation on and a
whole pile of the green concealer and of
the whole shebang and it just takes all
of that off and then I add water and I
just basically massage it on again with
water and then just rinse it off so once
I do that it will take everything from
mascara to lipstick to foundation off
and I really like that particular
cleanser again that's the face addiction
it's from the soft line and I don't use
any kind of cloth or sponge or anything
like that I just use my fingers and then
to dry I just use my puffy of softest
towel and just Pat it dry I really
actually like that blue towel that I'm
using there it is so soft and then once
that's done I just use the rose water
that you may have seen in my morning
routine video I didn't entire it
go on how much I absolutely love
rosewater I'll put a link to that
somewhere on the screen so that you can
check that out if you want to all I do
is splash a little bit on my hands and
then just rub it over my face it doesn't
even matter if my skin is still a little
bit damp I think that just helps it to
absorb a little bit better it smells
absolutely gorgeous and the only
ingredient in it is distilled rose water
I have accidentally purchased rose
flavored water don't do that it's not
the same thing make sure that you check
the ingredients all you want is to fill
with water or rose water and then I
follow that up with chalk cherry oil I
get mine from SBT sea buckthorn I don't
know anyone else that sells it it's
probably out there somewhere but that's
where I get mine I absolutely love that
that is one of my favorite things ever I
use four drops of the chokecherry oil
and then I just rub it between my hands
and then just like I did with the rose
water and then just delicately spread
that over my face this is very gentle
and very hydrating my skin absolutely
loves it I have never had a rosacea
reaction from it and I think that it has
the most delicate little light cherry
smell I can't really tell that it's
there unless I actually deliberately
smell it but I like it anyway and then I
just Pat that into my face too after I
sort of spread it around I padded in to
make sure that it does absorb very
effectively and I find that the rose
water helps the chokecherry oil to
absorb right into my face it absorbs
very very quickly then I follow that up
with the SBT sea buckthorn berry cream
because I really like to especially at
this time of year double moisturize my
skin the chokecherry oil can be enough
on its own but I just like giving it the
extra dose of the cream especially
because this is very gentle stuff so I
just spread that around on my face I
massage it in pretty gently and go over
my neck as well and whatever is left
over I just rub into my hands because
it's a really nice product and I don't
want to waste it I really as you can
tell like stuff like products from SBT
sea buckthorn it's easily one of my
favorite brands all of their stuff is so
simple and so gentle
so I really do just swear by a lot of
the products that they use if you
haven't tried them you might want to
check them out and that's it so clearly
it doesn't take me long I don't have a
hugely complex skincare regimen or
anything like that I just want my skin
to be very clean I want everything to be
very gentle and then I want it to be
moisturize because my skin is crazy dry
i point out that between when i wash my
face and when i put on the rose water
and all of the moisturize to some things
i do normally actually use light therapy
but you've seen me do that in other
videos so I decided not to record that
in this one too but I do hope you like
this video if you did please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see more
videos like this one I do make new
videos every Sunday and Thursday so
please subscribe to my channel and other
than that I'll see you next time
[Music]